the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few xxxx opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear.
well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable.
the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic xxxx. xxxx interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothorax. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting, left worse than right. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
left xxxx xxxx noted with tip approximating the high svc, stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified xxxx opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to xxxx scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior t10 vertebral body. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the xxxx with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear.
ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest xxxx is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are xxxx opacities in the lingula, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no xxxx acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted.
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which xxxx represents an old fracture..
several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the right-sided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
minimally increased xxxx airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest xxxx with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. xxxx are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the xxxx, similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of xxxx, focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable..
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote xxxx. no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination.
right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
clear lungs. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lung xxxx bilaterally.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated xxxx in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is xxxx left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure.
the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar xxxx opacities, xxxx edema. no pneumothorax is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
there is a xxxx in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior xxxx xxxx. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry xxxx xxxx, correlate clinically. otherwise, lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.
lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and xxxx represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous xxxx/ct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis.
normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with xxxx b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect xxxx effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx the grossly intact.
heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical xxxx overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. again seen is xxxx paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues.
xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on xxxx. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately t12.
there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
heart size is xxxx within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal convexity within the mediastinum xxxx represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior xxxx.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities xxxx from old xxxx. xxxx of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
xxxx change. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and cabg markers. stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few xxxx opacities are present consistent with xxxx xxxx of scarring or atelectasis.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic xxxx. there is a bullet fragment overlying the left t7 vertebra. retained xxxx bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe xxxx airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present, xxxx severe.
considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical xxxx is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest.
the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. xxxx right ij catheter is in xxxx with tip in proximal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion.
frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality.
stable xxxx xxxx, including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged.
the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the aortic xxxx is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. large body habitus.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size is normal. the lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt edema.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is stable xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic xxxx calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 2.0 cm which is xxxx to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at xxxx some concern for neoplasm. a xxxx is recommended. no airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study, there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph xxxx. right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, xxxx large emphysematous xxxx. there are xxxx biapical opacities, xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left-sided chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study. the dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine..
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar xxxx.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact.
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim xxxx cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are xxxx to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. there is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the heart size of the limits of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted..
the aortic xxxx, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scattered xxxx of left base atelectasis are noted. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thorax is unremarkable.
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.
lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung, there is a 1.9 x 2.1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. there is a 1.0 x 1.2 cm nodule xxxx above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. there is a 1.0 x 1.1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed, contrast-enhanced xxxx would be xxxx suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are left-sided axillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium.
there is xxxx opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. the distal tip of a right ij dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the xxxx which junction.
redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs, consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic xxxx seen. no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from xxxx.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted.
lateral view, over the lingula, there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
the lungs are relatively clear with xxxx sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. t-spine unremarkable.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most xxxx a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. midline trachea.
the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on xxxx of xxxx. however, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities.
heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency xxxx represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic xxxx deformity.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased xxxx opacities on lateral projection xxxx reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. there is no large pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. pression: low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study xxxx. a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia, stable. lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
changes post bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy. intact xxxx xxxx. stable position of the epicardial xxxx xxxx. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions.
the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. there is mild, xxxx opacity projected over the left lung base. this is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax . xxxx right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic xxxx. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is xxxx alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these xxxx't contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no xxxx deformity.
redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing, may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. xxxx. limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. however, no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
there is hyperinflation. there is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions, consolidation or pneumothorax.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
cardiomegaly. prominent xxxx are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. minimal right costophrenic xxxx blunting. no focal infiltrates.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.
moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy xxxx noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor.
cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. xxxx unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue xxxx around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
2 images. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. xxxx xxxx are intact.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. no focal consolidation is seen.
heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no xxxx focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex. however, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar xxxx. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
in the interval, the heart size has become normal. pulmonary xxxx are normal. lungs are clear and expanded.
hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
left picc line remains in xxxx. the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a xxxx-a-xxxx terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, xxxx old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated.
there is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothorax. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection), pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormalities.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph xxxx/granulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal xxxx, xxxx atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
evaluation is limited by body habitus and ap technique. enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and xxxx film. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. cardiac xxxx generator leads xxxx over the right atrium and right ventricle. two xxxx bilateral pleural effusions.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic xxxx. calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and xxxx xxxx widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral xxxx.
mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and xxxx pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on xxxx chest in xxxx. radiographically, the findings are grossly stable.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
there is a 1.5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. xxxx opacities xxxx representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge xxxx of a vertebral body.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx. the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac xxxx are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve xxxx. xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. there is an embolization xxxx overlying left upper quadrant.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. calcified left coronary arteries noted. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified.
heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle xxxx procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present. the lungs are clear.
there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1. cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. right base opacity xxxx combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. left lung relatively clear. 4. limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute or destructive bone abnormality.
given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.
there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and xxxx cerclage xxxx appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary xxxx node.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right xxxx versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
right xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours appear normal. there's no pneumothorax.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse xxxx is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.
stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic xxxx blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no xxxx infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. aorta remains tortuous.
stable calcified hilar xxxx and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle xxxx within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, xxxx old injury.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. left hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
there are scattered xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum xxxx representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no xxxx infiltrates noted.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine.
in the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. xxxx are normal.
soft tissue neck. the airway is xxxx. no laryngeal edema. laryngeal xxxx intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present.
there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion.
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged. no xxxx consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
stable postsurgical changes. heart xxxx, mediastinum and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
there is a left-sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx, xxxx to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities.
heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. however, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right xxxx-a-xxxx has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior xxxx xxxx.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax grossly unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present.
the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the xxxx are unremarkable.
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx. heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. aortic calcifications.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung, xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral exam.
normal cardiac contours. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine..
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax xxxx related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal.
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors.
heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, xxxx secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings.
there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
heart size upper limits of normal but stable. tortuous aorta. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. xxxx left base density. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is xxxx minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal.
a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic xxxx. lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small t-spine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus xxxx secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild xxxx deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the xxxx fissure most xxxx mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic xxxx. bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated..
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
chest: the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee: there is no fracture-dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a xxxx.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
chest: the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee: there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee: there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the xxxx of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation.
in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the xxxx, better visualized on the comparison xxxx scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
chest. lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum.
the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also xxxx streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted.
low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish).
lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture.
the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis.
xxxx focal opacity in the medial right lung base xxxx seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
status post midline sternotomy with intact xxxx xxxx. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is xxxx a hiatal hernia.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 1.4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. there is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic xxxx, increased since comparison examination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 4.5 x 6.8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified.
no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
calcified granulomas noted. xxxx symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat xxxx shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
calcified left hilar lymph xxxx xxxx from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
there is an ovoid opacity 3.5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated xxxx scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions.
heart size and vascularity normal. external contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. multiple punctate round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within, or outside of the patient.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, xxxx from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical xxxx have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine..
examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion.
two-view chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot xxxx are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.
cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left-sided xxxx central line with a xxxx lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax.
this radiograph was xxxx available for my interpretation at xxxx hours xxxx/xxxx. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine.
no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
heart size is normal. no large effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax.
mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. xxxx anchors xxxx over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat xxxx.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, xxxx xxxx and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, xxxx opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no xxxx abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization, stable appearance of t9 and t12 xxxx fractures.
normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
no interval change is found in the bony thorax. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule xxxx on the ct scan. no xxxx pulmonary nodule is found.
normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph xxxx which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings.
there is stable cardiomegaly with xxxx pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings.
the outside x-xxxx is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable xxxx opacity in the left base, xxxx scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base, xxxx calcified granuloma. no xxxx consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring.
heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
xxxx onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval xxxx removal of left picc line, no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary xxxx is noted incidentally, without evidence of xxxx complicating features.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base, xxxx atelectasis. the lateral view shows a xxxx left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and xxxx opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. there is no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
borderline enlarged heart. torturous/ectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated xxxx. small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. degenerative changes of both xxxx joints.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approximately 5.8 cm x 6.0 cm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at xxxx one left-sided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable xxxx bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on xxxx examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. xxxx lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion xxxx. tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
there is hyperexpansion. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the xxxx ct. no focal infiltrates
mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar xxxx opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral xxxx bilateral, xxxx from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approximately 1.2 cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy.
4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small t-spine osteophytes.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx are grossly normal.
heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.
there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is xxxx visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from xxxx. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge xxxx deformity of t12.
heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
stable cardiomegaly. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx calcific density in the left mid to upper lung xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
picc line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung xxxx. there is a larger area of xxxx patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild xxxx xxxx curvature thoracolumbar junction.
lung lines remain low. however, no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside xxxx scan (xxxx), the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the xxxx xxxx from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available, however, for direct comparison.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and xxxx reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is xxxx within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin xxxx lingular scar, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen.
there is stable xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx t-spine osteophytes are noted.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a xxxx 10 xxxx nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered xxxx densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.
heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.
there is redemonstration of an aicd with the left chest wall with stable intact xxxx placement. surgical cervical xxxx is redemonstrated. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. xxxx opacity in the left upper lobe, xxxx atelectasis or scarring. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, xxxx biliary stent.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx/granulomas. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. old fracture, right mid clavicle.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and xxxx air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to xxxx. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous xxxx xxxx which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest xxxx tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothorax is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic xxxx are xxxx. there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart xxxx, there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax.
there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothorax.
chest. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue xxxx. the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. xxxx opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality.
stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx, xxxx representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. xxxx are unremarkable.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged.
both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.
lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an age-indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx, surgical clips, and cabg markers. all of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality.
there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old, healed left rib fractures are noted.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic xxxx bilaterally.
there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be xxxx to evaluate this finding. as the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a xxxx left-sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered xxxx bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. xxxx unremarkable.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previously<br>described xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. there is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. xxxx fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body xxxx.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. left-sided aortic xxxx. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are xxxx. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
heart size is normal. mild xxxx xxxx atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison xxxx, xxxx secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue xxxx is present around the malleoli. xxxx intact. mortise radiographically stable.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
normal heart size. clear, hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. xxxx substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.
there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented xxxx lucency through the posterior right 12th rib.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there are acute mild anterior xxxx deformities identified at l1-l2. there is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of l1. a ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is evidence of cabg.
stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung, stable. right lung is clear. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild scarring at the right apex. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures grossly intact.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
a left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased xxxx opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, xxxx in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified.
the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent xxxx bilateral lower lobe opacities, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no xxxx focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge xxxx deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. xxxx lucency along the left ventricular xxxx xxxx related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the xxxx fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality.
redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from xxxx of xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence.
xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis.
heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. there is a large amount of xxxx distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
within the right lower lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the xxxx. tortuous aorta.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities, xxxx atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild xxxx opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. right-sided rib fractures again noted.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. xxxx xxxx of the spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic xxxx. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left apex is xxxx scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is prominence of the right heart xxxx, consistent with right atrial enlargement. a xxxx density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung apex.
heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. there is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and xxxx the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. correlate with xxxx tenderness. there is mild xxxx atelectasis in the left lung base. there is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, xxxx remote fracture. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
left-sided medication injection xxxx has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal.
the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. xxxx sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities xxxx represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal xxxx.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. xxxx-a-xxxx xxxx has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx appear intact.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably copd. there is calcified hilar lymph xxxx. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
there are several small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
there is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in xxxx.
lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous xxxx calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is a xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. no pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. one ap view is expiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal xxxx opacities within the lung bases, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs xxxx clear. xxxx xxxx normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic xxxx.
rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, xxxx representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads.
lung volumes are low. the heart is large, the pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. xxxx opacity is present in the left midlung.
heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, xxxx and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat xxxx, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature.
there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings.
chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction.
cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which xxxx corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. xxxx are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior xxxx loss of several vertebral bodies.
heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
chest: the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub xxxx: xxxx single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel xxxx pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
nasogastric tube tip xxxx within the stomach body, stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy.
there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis is present.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc.
there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left 9th rib.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal xxxx free xxxx.
no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent xxxx on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t12-l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx, xxxx xxxx noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips xxxx secondary to a cabg procedure. small t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
there is diffuse right-sided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. no pneumothorax or large effusions. heart size within normal limits.
the lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph xxxx. changes in the lungs consistent with copd/emphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. no focal consolidation is seen.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal.
there is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. there is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. there is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. heart size xxxx large. xxxx unremarkable. no large pleural effusion.
there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the xxxx of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. no xxxx suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were xxxx in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures appear normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx noted.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx xxxx opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. xxxx density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact.
normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease.
heart size is normal. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal air space opacities. mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. interval xxxx deformity of the vertebral body xxxx xxxx the level of the two vertebroplasty xxxx.
the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung xxxx are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. the heart is normal. there are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx. this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis.
redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal.
right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung, xxxx compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right xxxx pulmonary artery, as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
calcified granulomas. calcified hilar xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. question large pulmonary arteries. lung xxxx are hyperexpanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic xxxx are blunted, xxxx corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity xxxx secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.
lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. mild xxxx left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly xxxx. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast implants.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no acute focal airspace opacification.
prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung xxxx. these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no xxxx deformities. emphysematous changes.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the right breast.
there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the xxxx xxxx configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
stable prominence of the cardiac apex, xxxx from ventricular hypertrophy. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. no pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement, xxxx appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable.
enlarged cardiac contour, stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis.
cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic xxxx with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. no visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. xxxx unremarkable.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.
the heart size is within normal limits. prominent right paratracheal soft tissues xxxx representing adenopathy. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider xxxx for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
there is abnormal separation of the right xxxx xxxx. this is age-indeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote xxxx. the cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema . there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying xxxx.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx intact.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic xxxx. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx calcified granuloma in the right apex.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph xxxx, greater on the left. no acute osseous findings.
no focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen xxxx skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is xxxx prominent. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is xxxx spine spondylosis.
the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. this was seen well on prior xxxx. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent.
in the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. calcified granulomas. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
sternotomy xxxx noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic xxxx, unchanged. calcified granulomas noted.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no xxxx edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approximately t11 level.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
right paratracheal stripe is denser and xxxx than normal. the xxxx are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx opacity in the left xxxx, xxxx representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are extensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation. calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection. the heart is normal. arthritic changes the spine are seen.
the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 4.6 cm x 3.7 cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease and/or atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.
lungs remain hyperexpanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no xxxx infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. degenerative endplate changes of the spine..
heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially excluded from the xxxx-of-view. there is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, xxxx appears grossly intact. osteopenia. exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
right mid lung nodule stable xxxx; etiology not determined. this is noncalcified, and is stable since a ct examination from xxxx and is xxxx benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic xxxx clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment. overlying leads.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized xxxx are unremarkable in appearance.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. exaggerated kyphosis.
the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated.
cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 7.0 cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable xxxx foreign body over the left breast (xxxx nipple piercing). visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most xxxx pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. left lung is clear. heart size normal. aorta tortuous.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to xxxx.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 1.5 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, xxxx secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings.
heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, xxxx patient's known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise xxxx. there is no pleural effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
there are t-spine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified. this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild xxxx scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.
heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change
chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen: there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is xxxx xxxx curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality.
there is stable left costophrenic xxxx blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothorax. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. xxxx are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung xxxx reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical xxxx. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion.
radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no lymphadenopathy.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis.
aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. t-spine degenerative changes.
there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest xxxx tip at svc.
heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes are present in the xxxx spine.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph xxxx appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule xxxx representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
chest: the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. thoracic spine: mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine: there are 5 nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool..
lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. the xxxx are normal in appearance.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is xxxx opacities noted in the right lower lobe, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact.
the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality.
chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the xxxx examination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the xxxx examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced xxxx fracture demonstrated.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
there are broken 1st and 3rd-5xxxx xxxx xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. left-sided aortic xxxx. central airways are xxxx. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. aorta tortuous.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. chondral cartilages causing xxxx over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is xxxx within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several xxxx xxxx. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion.
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx.
the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. skin xxxx have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothorax has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of xxxx seen in the transverse colon.
clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph xxxx are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. xxxx degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
there is xxxx airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not well-characterized. arthritic changes are seen.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures.
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no xxxx consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. mild lung hyperexpansion. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized. .
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest are within normal limits.
normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.
lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at xxxx xxxx and xxxx postsurgical/post traumatic in xxxx. left shoulder rotator xxxx bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t-spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx there
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. xxxx scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
the central airway is midline and is xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. right hilar calcifications xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cervical fusion xxxx. degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
2 images. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a right-sided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
stable left chest cardiac xxxx generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact.
there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
xxxx sternotomy xxxx are in xxxx and intact. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the bilateral costophrenic xxxx are excluded from the image on the pa view. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, xxxx represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx, xxxx decreased in size from prior exam. heart size is normal. xxxx are unremarkable.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old right-sided rib deformities are noted.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted.
moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicle/upper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are xxxx accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less xxxx, pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese.
there are t-spine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged.
the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung xxxx are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and xxxx xxxx.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality..
low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph xxxx. the osseous structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
chest. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. there is an ivc xxxx identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged xxxx opacities throughout the lungs which xxxx represent scarring. lungs are hyperexpanded.
this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures.
exam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated xxxx, xxxx (not seen on prior chest x-xxxx) is not seen either on xxxx chest x-xxxx.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal.
the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no xxxx infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx.
the previously seen right-sided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. xxxx sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical xxxx xxxx. this is unchanged 31 17 xxxx. the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.
in the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic xxxx blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal.
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact.
there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. in addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the xxxx lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx xxxx opacity in left midlung. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from xxxx. the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
rounded 1.4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease.. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. no change calcified left hilar xxxx and left small granuloma.
bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. postsurgical changes of the chest including cabg procedure, stable. stable valve artifact. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no large pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. nodular right lower lobe opacity, xxxx nipple xxxx. contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable.
the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and xxxx.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. left-sided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip xxxx in the innominate vein.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified.
there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no pneumothorax. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified.
the heart is large. in the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
there is minimal xxxx opacity in the left lung base, xxxx representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified.
chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the xxxx of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular xxxx.
heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
lung volumes are low. in the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator xxxx repair on the right.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.
right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. xxxx xxxx foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest xxxx with the tip in the superior xxxx xxxx. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, xxxx normal heart size. negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
chest: stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder: negative for fracture or dislocation.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar xxxx opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical xxxx arthritis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with xxxx calcification.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the aortic xxxx, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
right lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right knee. there has been prior ligamentous repair. there is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. no knee joint effusion. no fractures or dislocations.
lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx scarring and emphysematous changes noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is a xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast xxxx within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is noted.
stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. there are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
there is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. there are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. small t-spine osteophytes are noted.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal xxxx sternotomy xxxx is fractured. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization xxxx.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the xxxx are again noted bilaterally.
chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not xxxx since the abdomen ct. left and right knees. xxxx, xxxx spaces, and soft tissues are normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral xxxx is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx are present.
interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, xxxx intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis and/or infiltrate. no xxxx focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no cavitary lesions. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
interval removal of cardiac xxxx generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged xxxx opacity in the left lung base, xxxx scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
calcified lymph xxxx in both xxxx. xxxx amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post xxxx sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
the tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities.
lungs are free of infiltrates. however, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart, xxxx, and mediastinum are normal.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.
heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothorax. small right pleural effusion.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasia/tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since xxxx and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position, considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax.
there are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung xxxx. the fibrosis appears to slightly increased xxxx compared to previous examination, in xxxx. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact.
heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified left hilar node.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted. inferior sternotomy xxxx is disrupted.
the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the trachea is midline. the heart xxxx is slightly large. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. there is minimal left basilar xxxx opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2 images. calcified granuloma, right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen.
there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. xxxx shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round xxxx bullet overlying the t10 vertebral body. xxxx density is seen within the right lower lobe xxxx representing hemorrhage. there is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal.
in the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also, anterior segment xxxx opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal.
heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax.
heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
2 images. heart size is enlarged, stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is xxxx dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary xxxx are within normal limits. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, xxxx chronic fungal. no pneumothorax.
the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest xxxx tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, xxxx from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying xxxx xxxx or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view, with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. no pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear.
borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis.
the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical xxxx arthritis.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no effusions. multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. xxxx xxxx opacities in the lung bases. there are xxxx fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and xxxx fragments in the left costophrenic xxxx. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. no pleural line of pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in xxxx. the tip is in the upper right atrium.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on xxxx study..
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue xxxx previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and xxxx right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no xxxx focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large xxxx feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these xxxx't contours appear normal. there is a xxxx fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture.
there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung xxxx bilaterally. this is xxxx to be similar to xxxx scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is xxxx deformity of t12 and l1, unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx, xxxx. aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated.
clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. xxxx, disc spaces, and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
stable appearance of previous xxxx sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx. left base opacities again noted, stable. there is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. xxxx are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine.
normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits.
there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
there is interval placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right xxxx fissure.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic xxxx and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal, but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body xxxx.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
fracture deformity proximal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. xxxx opacity left base compatible xxxx atelectasis or xxxx scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic xxxx clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote xxxx is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.
interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary xxxx normal.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the xxxx are generally unremarkable.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung xxxx.
stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the xxxx study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is xxxx to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly intact. degenerative t-spine osteophytes.
there are intact midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge xxxx deformity of l1, age-indeterminate.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy xxxx and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are xxxx.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits>]. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the xxxx xxxx otherwise grossly intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with xxxx cell changes.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities, xxxx atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat xxxx is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the xxxx are unremarkable.
clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat xxxx
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable.
central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well expanded. there xxxx and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, well-seen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart xxxx. no effusions no pneumothorax.
small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg.
atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. xxxx densities in the left base, small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx. biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.
no pneumothorax, pleural effusion , or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac xxxx. airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothorax.
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal.
heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic xxxx, there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2 images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour.
mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph xxxx. left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic xxxx. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. the appearance of the right base opacity xxxx atelectasis. the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
there are changes of xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate.
chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are xxxx due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some xxxx bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l1 xxxx deformity.
the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered xxxx opacities are present whose appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. there is a xxxx like deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body (lateral view). negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial.
heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits.. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat xxxx represents projectile fragment..
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph xxxx and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
there are xxxx opacities in the left lung, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion.
there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph xxxx. the pleural spaces are clear.
heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the xxxx or xxxx fissure. no pneumothorax..
there are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx. unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci xxxx represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease, xxxx atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. xxxx xxxx right and xxxx left pleural effusions. there is xxxx right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. xxxx b-lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
the trachea is midline. the heart size is normal. xxxx opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic xxxx, which could represent scarring or atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations.
the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is xxxx airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the xxxx fissure is convex upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits.
chest. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right xxxx. osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction.
the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no xxxx airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified right paratracheal lymph xxxx are seen. aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series.
low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings xxxx related to patient's history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable xxxx post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma, stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
compared to prior chest radiograph from xxxx, there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1.0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from xxxx. no xxxx nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without xxxx pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings.
there are xxxx opacities within both lung bases, xxxx representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax.
there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they're stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the xxxx with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
xxxx xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. there is no acute, displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable.
the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. specifically, no evidence of rib fractures.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions.
stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance xxxx compared to the previous examinations.
there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc.
heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. xxxx xxxx opacity in the left lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx. stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
the heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region xxxx reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary xxxx appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
there is 1.9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. xxxx left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be xxxx lung nodule.
the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a xxxx right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
one xxxx are low. both costophrenic xxxx are blunted. pulmonary xxxx are normal. no visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.
the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic xxxx are blunted.
the xxxx and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic xxxx is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, xxxx calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded. minimal xxxx scarring in both lower lobes. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
surgical xxxx at the distal left clavicle. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. .
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxx/xxxx. the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
there is a left chest xxxx with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on xxxx is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right perihilar/midlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral xxxx fracture.
a xxxx xxxx lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable xxxx scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax.
the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the xxxx bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. xxxx xxxx in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
technically limited study secondary to patient xxxx. decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung apex. there is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
stable appearance of the right aortic xxxx. normal heart size. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear left lung xxxx. right middle lobe with increased opacities, xxxx representative of infiltrate.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
low lung volumes and patient rotation. given differences in technique, heart size xxxx within normal limits. persistent right basilar opacity, xxxx atelectasis. no suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic xxxx, consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx, without definite pleural effusion.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
xxxx opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. xxxx right cervical rib.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact.
interval removal of left-sided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 0.9 cm from the thoracic apex. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion.
heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging.
clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.
heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no xxxx consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothorax. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases xxxx relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral xxxx and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.
the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no xxxx infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma, right base. normal xxxx.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable right-sided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, xxxx seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the xxxx.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion.
mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patient's previous chest ct and are xxxx the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal xxxx.
lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. xxxx are unremarkable.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
calcified mediastinal xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
a right internal jugular xxxx this catheter has been exchanged for a large xxxx left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left xxxx. no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. elevated right hemidiaphragm. xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph xxxx. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination.
there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. xxxx deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperexpanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
normal cardiac contour. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is xxxx of an xxxx closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions.
lung volumes are decreased from xxxx, and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis.
normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible xxxx body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear, no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
there is increased size of left pneumothorax, with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothorax measures up to 3.5 cm in maximum width at the apex. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
left picc line and ng tube remain in xxxx. heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothorax is noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the xxxx. stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic xxxx, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality.
ap and lateral view of the chest.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l1 xxxx fracture. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t11 and there is xxxx mild to moderate anterior xxxx loss of t10. degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates, effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
minimal xxxx opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise, the lungs are clear with granulomas and xxxx sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. t-spine small osteophytes.
stable cardiomegaly, xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. xxxx xxxx opacities xxxx reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia.
heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting are present.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. the left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings.
there is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no xxxx infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam.
tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (bochdalek).
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
midline sternotomy xxxx identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact.
severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation.  no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted.
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
the heart is large. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates.
heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most xxxx represents the svc with rotated position. xxxx are unremarkable.
